feat: dotnet profiling docs (#8862)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/dotnet/profiling/troubleshooting/index.mdx

---
title: Troubleshooting
description: "Learn how to troubleshoot your profiling setup."
sidebar_order: 5000
---

### Profiles are not showing up

If you don't see any profiling data in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io), you can try the following:

- Ensure that performance monitoring <PlatformLink to="/performance/">is enabled</PlatformLink>.
- Ensure that the automatic instrumentation is sending performance data to Sentry by going to the **Performance** page in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io).
- If the automatic instrumentation is not sending performance data, try using <PlatformLink to="/performance/instrumentation/custom-instrumentation">custom instrumentation</PlatformLink>.
- Enable <PlatformLink to="/configuration/options/#debug">debug mode</PlatformLink> in the SDK and check the logs.
- If the transactions happen too soon after `Sentry.Init()`, they may not be captured yet. 
  This is because the `ProfilingIntegration()` from `Sentry.Profiling` NuGet package initializes asynchronously by default. 

>   If you'd like to initialize it synchronously, set the desired timeout constructor argument.

Reviewer: A code snippet showing what this means would help

Author: ```suggestion
  If you'd like to initialize it synchronously, set the desired timeout constructor argument, e.g. `new ProfilingIntegration(TimeSpan.FromMilliseconds(500))` to wait up to 500 ms for the profiler to start up.
```

>   Note: this doesn't apply to iOS/macCatalyst whic use native profiling and are initialized synchronously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note: this doesn't apply to iOS and Mac Catalyst which use native profiling and are initialized synchronously.
```

- Maybe you're trying to capture profiles on a platform that is currently **not** supported, notably:
  - .NET Framework; we only support .NET 6.0, .NET 7.0 and .NET 8.0

>   - NativeAOT - this is only supported for iOS and macCatalyst (alongside MonoAOT)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Native AOT - this is only supported for iOS and Mac Catalyst (alongside the standard Mono AOT)
```
